What is your native language (please write down in your NATIVE LANGUAGE)?
What color does the rainbow have?
What color eyes can be?
What color is blood?
What color does skin have when it's tanned?
What color does skin have when a person is sick/dead?
What color does skin have when a person is angry/crying?
What color is/are skin/cheeks when it is very cold outside/very hot outside?
What color does skin have when a person was just beaten?
What color does skin has a bruise now?
What color does teeth have?
What color does hair have?
What color is the sun?
What color is the water we are drinking?
What color is the water in the ocean/in the sea?
What color is dirty water in rivers?
What color is the sea?
What color is the grass that just has grown on a field?
What color is the grass that is old and was burnt by the sun?
What color is the grass that was mowed?
What color does the sky have when it's clear at night?
What color does the sky have when it's clear during a day?
What color does the sky have when it's cloudy?
What color does the sky have when it's going to rain?
What color does the sky have when it's raining?
What color are the clouds when it's not going to rain?
What color are the clouds when it's going to rain?
What color are the clouds before a sunset?
What color are the clouds at the moment of a sunset?
What color are the clouds before a sunrise?
What color are the clouds at the moment of a sunrise?
What color are the stars on the sky?
What color is the moon?
What color is the sand?
What color is the fire?
What color is the snow when it's just fell down?
What color is the snow when it is dirty?
What color is the ground usually?
What color is the ground when it's wet?
What color is the ground when it's dry?
What color do leaves from the tree have when they are in blossom?
What color do leaves from the tree have when they are old and the autumn has come?
What color do leaves from the tree have when they fell on the ground?
What color is the gold?
What color is the coal?
What color is the silver?
What kind of stones with a specific color do you know and with what color? (amber, emerald, etc.)
What color can a cucumber be?
What color can  ripe tomato be?
What color can  unripe tomato be?
What color can a carrot be?
What color is pepper?
What color is an onion with peels?
What color is an onion without peels?
What color is a cut onion?
What color can a pumpkin be?
Name some other traditional vegetables and their colors.
What color can an apple be?
What color can an orange be?
What color can a lemon be?
What color can grape be?
What color can a banana be when it is in a good condition? 
What color can a banana be when it's rotten?
What color can a watermelon be?
What color can a cherry be?
What color does strawberry have?
What color does raspberries have?
Name other berries you know and their colors.
Name other fruits and berries and their colors.
What color does cheese have?
What color does raw meet have?
What color does cottage cheese have?
What color can milk be?
What color can wine be?
What color can tea be?
What color can coffee be?
What color does a fox have?
What color does a rabbit/hare have?
What color does a cow have?
What color does a horse have?
What color does a wolf have?
What color does a mouse have?
What color does a frog have?
What color does a squirrel have?
What color does flamingo have?
What is the color of typical wedding dress?
What is a color of typical dress for funerals?
Name any other typical colors of clothes for any special event.